# swagger-client
<p>  <p>The FarmBeats DataHub APIs provide documentation for using methods to perform operations against the FarmBeats objects. One can also find response information used to validate & confirm responses.</p>  <h><b>Object Model</b></h>  <p><b>Farm:</b></p>  <p>Farm corresponds to a physical location of interest within the FarmBeats system. Each Farm has a Farm name and a unique farm id.</p>  <p><b>Device:</b></p>  <p>Device corresponds to a physical device present in the farm. Each device has a unique device id. Device is typically provisioned to a farm with a farm id.</p>  <p><b>DeviceModel:</b></p>  <p>DeviceModel corresponds to the meta-data of the device such as the Manufacturer, Type of the device either Gateway or Node.</p>  <p><b>Sensor:</b></p>  <p>Sensor corresponds to a physical sensor that records values. A sensor is typically connected to a device with a device id.</p>  </p>  <p><b>SensorModel:</b></p>  <p>SensorModel corresponds to the meta-data of the sensor such as the Manufacturer, Type of the sensor either Analog or Digital, Sensor Measure such as Ambient Temperature, Pressure etc.</p>  <p><b>Telemetry:</b></p>  <p>Telemetry provides the ability to read telemetry messages for a particular sensor & time range.</p>  <p><b>Job:</b></p>  <p>Job corresponds to any workflow of activities which are executed in the FarmBeats system to get a desired output. Each job is associated with a job id and job type.</p>  <p><b>JobType:</b></p>  <p>JobType corresponds to different job types supported by the system. This includes system defined & user-defined job types.</p>  <p><b>ExtendedType:</b></p>  <p>ExtendedType corresponds to the list of system & user-defined types in the system. This helps setup a new Sensor or Scene or Scenefile type in the FarmBeats system.</p>  <p><b>Scene:</b></p>  <p>Scene corresponds to any generated output in the context of a Farm. Each Scene has a scene id, scene source, scene type and farm id associated with it. Each scene id  can have multiple scene files associated with it.</p>  <p><b>SceneFile:</b></p>  <p>SceneFile corresponds to all files which are generated for single scene. A single scene id can have multiple SceneFile ids associated with it.</p>  <p><b>Rule:</b></p>  <p>Rule corresponds to a condition for farm-related data to trigger an alert. Each rule will be in the context of a farm's data.</p>  <p><b>Alert:</b></p>  <p>Alert corresponds to a notification which gets generated when a rule condition is met. Each alert will be in the context of a rule.</p>  <p><b>RoleDefinition:</b></p>  <p>RoleDefinition defines allowed and disallowed actions for a role.</p>  <p><b>RoleAssignment:</b></p>  <p>RoleAssignment corresponds to the assignment of a role to a user or a service principal.</p>  </p>  

This Python package is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: v1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen

## Requirements.

Python 2.7 and 3.4+

## Installation & Usage
### pip install

If the python package is hosted on Github, you can install directly from Github

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com//.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com//.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
 
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python

```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python
from __future__ import print_function
import time

from datahub_lib.swagger_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# Configure API key authorization: Bearer
configuration = swagger_client.Configuration()
configuration.api_key['Authorization'] = 'YOUR_API_KEY'
# Uncomment below to setup prefix (e.g. Bearer) for API key, if needed
# configuration.api_key_prefix['Authorization'] = 'Bearer'

# create an instance of the API class
api_instance = swagger_client.AlertApi(swagger_client.ApiClient(configuration))
id = 'id_example' # str | Id of the alert object.

try:
    # Returns alert for the given Id.
    api_response = api_instance.alert_get(id)
    pprint(api_response)
except ApiException as e:
    print("Exception when calling AlertApi->alert_get: %s\n" % e)

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AlertApi* | [**alert_get**](docs/AlertApi.md#alert_get) | **GET** /Alert/{id} | Returns alert for the given Id.
*AlertApi* | [**alert_get_all**](docs/AlertApi.md#alert_get_all) | **GET** /Alert | Returns list of alerts.
*AlertApi* | [**alert_update**](docs/AlertApi.md#alert_update) | **PUT** /Alert/{id} | Updates the alert with given id.
*DeviceApi* | [**device_create**](docs/DeviceApi.md#device_create) | **POST** /Device | Creates new device with given request body.
*DeviceApi* | [**device_delete**](docs/DeviceApi.md#device_delete) | **DELETE** /Device/{id} | Deletes the device with given id and parameters.
*DeviceApi* | [**device_get**](docs/DeviceApi.md#device_get) | **GET** /Device/{id} | Returns device for the given Id.
*DeviceApi* | [**device_get_all**](docs/DeviceApi.md#device_get_all) | **GET** /Device | Returns list of devices.
*DeviceApi* | [**device_update**](docs/DeviceApi.md#device_update) | **PUT** /Device/{id} | Updates the device with given id.
*DeviceModelApi* | [**device_model_create**](docs/DeviceModelApi.md#device_model_create) | **POST** /DeviceModel | Creates new device model with given request body.
*DeviceModelApi* | [**device_model_delete**](docs/DeviceModelApi.md#device_model_delete) | **DELETE** /DeviceModel/{id} | Deletes the device model with given id.
*DeviceModelApi* | [**device_model_get**](docs/DeviceModelApi.md#device_model_get) | **GET** /DeviceModel/{id} | Returns device model for the given Id.
*DeviceModelApi* | [**device_model_get_all**](docs/DeviceModelApi.md#device_model_get_all) | **GET** /DeviceModel | Returns list of device models.
*DeviceModelApi* | [**device_model_update**](docs/DeviceModelApi.md#device_model_update) | **PUT** /DeviceModel/{id} | Updates the device model with given id.
*ExtendedTypeApi* | [**extended_type_get**](docs/ExtendedTypeApi.md#extended_type_get) | **GET** /ExtendedType/{id} | Returns extended type for the given id.
*ExtendedTypeApi* | [**extended_type_get_all**](docs/ExtendedTypeApi.md#extended_type_get_all) | **GET** /ExtendedType | Returns a list of extended types.
*ExtendedTypeApi* | [**extended_type_update**](docs/ExtendedTypeApi.md#extended_type_update) | **PUT** /ExtendedType/{id} | Updates existing extended type with given id. User need to pass existing values plus required new values other wise it will result into BadRequest with HTTP status code 400.
*FarmApi* | [**farm_create**](docs/FarmApi.md#farm_create) | **POST** /Farm | Creates new farm with given request body.
*FarmApi* | [**farm_delete**](docs/FarmApi.md#farm_delete) | **DELETE** /Farm/{id} | Deletes the farm with given id.
*FarmApi* | [**farm_get**](docs/FarmApi.md#farm_get) | **GET** /Farm/{id} | Returns farm for the given Id.
*FarmApi* | [**farm_get_all**](docs/FarmApi.md#farm_get_all) | **GET** /Farm | Returns list of farms.
*FarmApi* | [**farm_update**](docs/FarmApi.md#farm_update) | **PUT** /Farm/{id} | Updates the farm with given id.
*JobApi* | [**job_create**](docs/JobApi.md#job_create) | **POST** /Job | Creates new job with given request body.
*JobApi* | [**job_delete**](docs/JobApi.md#job_delete) | **DELETE** /Job/{id} | Deletes job with given id.
*JobApi* | [**job_get**](docs/JobApi.md#job_get) | **GET** /Job/{id} | Returns job for the given Id.
*JobApi* | [**job_get_all**](docs/JobApi.md#job_get_all) | **GET** /Job | Returns a list of jobs.
*JobApi* | [**job_stop_job**](docs/JobApi.md#job_stop_job) | **PATCH** /Job/{id}/stop | Request to stop a job with given id.
*JobTypeApi* | [**job_type_create**](docs/JobTypeApi.md#job_type_create) | **POST** /JobType | Creates new job type with given request body.
*JobTypeApi* | [**job_type_delete**](docs/JobTypeApi.md#job_type_delete) | **DELETE** /JobType/{id} | Deletes job type with given id and parameters.
*JobTypeApi* | [**job_type_get**](docs/JobTypeApi.md#job_type_get) | **GET** /JobType/{id} | Returns job type for the given Id.
*JobTypeApi* | [**job_type_get_all**](docs/JobTypeApi.md#job_type_get_all) | **GET** /JobType | Returns list of job types.
*JobTypeApi* | [**job_type_update**](docs/JobTypeApi.md#job_type_update) | **PUT** /JobType/{id} | Updates job type with given id.
*PartnerApi* | [**partner_create**](docs/PartnerApi.md#partner_create) | **POST** /Partner | Creates new partner with given request body.
*PartnerApi* | [**partner_delete**](docs/PartnerApi.md#partner_delete) | **DELETE** /Partner/{id} | Deletes the partner with given id.
*PartnerApi* | [**partner_get**](docs/PartnerApi.md#partner_get) | **GET** /Partner/{id} | Returns partner for the given Id.
*PartnerApi* | [**partner_get_all**](docs/PartnerApi.md#partner_get_all) | **GET** /Partner | Returns list of partners.
*PartnerApi* | [**partner_renew**](docs/PartnerApi.md#partner_renew) | **PATCH** /Partner/{id}/renew | Renew connection strings of event hub.
*PartnerApi* | [**partner_update**](docs/PartnerApi.md#partner_update) | **PUT** /Partner/{id} | Updates the partner with given id.
*RoleAssignmentApi* | [**role_assignment_create**](docs/RoleAssignmentApi.md#role_assignment_create) | **POST** /RoleAssignment | Creates new role assignment with given request body.
*RoleAssignmentApi* | [**role_assignment_delete**](docs/RoleAssignmentApi.md#role_assignment_delete) | **DELETE** /RoleAssignment/{id} | Deletes the role assignment with given id.
*RoleAssignmentApi* | [**role_assignment_get**](docs/RoleAssignmentApi.md#role_assignment_get) | **GET** /RoleAssignment/{id} | Returns role assignment for the given Id.
*RoleAssignmentApi* | [**role_assignment_get_all**](docs/RoleAssignmentApi.md#role_assignment_get_all) | **GET** /RoleAssignment | Returns list of role assignments.
*RoleDefinitionApi* | [**role_definition_get**](docs/RoleDefinitionApi.md#role_definition_get) | **GET** /RoleDefinition/{id} | Returns role definition for the given Id.
*RoleDefinitionApi* | [**role_definition_get_all**](docs/RoleDefinitionApi.md#role_definition_get_all) | **GET** /RoleDefinition | Returns list of role definitions.
*RuleApi* | [**rule_create**](docs/RuleApi.md#rule_create) | **POST** /Rule | Creates new rule with given request body.
*RuleApi* | [**rule_delete**](docs/RuleApi.md#rule_delete) | **DELETE** /Rule/{id} | Deletes the rule with given id.
*RuleApi* | [**rule_get**](docs/RuleApi.md#rule_get) | **GET** /Rule/{id} | Returns rule for the given Id.
*RuleApi* | [**rule_get_all**](docs/RuleApi.md#rule_get_all) | **GET** /Rule | Returns list of rules.
*RuleApi* | [**rule_update**](docs/RuleApi.md#rule_update) | **PUT** /Rule/{id} | Updates the rule with given id.
*SceneApi* | [**scene_create**](docs/SceneApi.md#scene_create) | **POST** /Scene | Creates new scene with given request body.
*SceneApi* | [**scene_delete_scene**](docs/SceneApi.md#scene_delete_scene) | **DELETE** /Scene/{id} | Deletes scene with given id.
*SceneApi* | [**scene_get_all_scenes**](docs/SceneApi.md#scene_get_all_scenes) | **GET** /Scene | Returns a list of scenes.
*SceneApi* | [**scene_get_scene**](docs/SceneApi.md#scene_get_scene) | **GET** /Scene/{id} | Returns scene for the given Id.
*SceneApi* | [**scene_update**](docs/SceneApi.md#scene_update) | **PUT** /Scene/{id} | Updates scene with given id.
*SceneFileApi* | [**scene_file_create_scene_file**](docs/SceneFileApi.md#scene_file_create_scene_file) | **POST** /SceneFile | Creates new scene file with given request body.
*SceneFileApi* | [**scene_file_delete_scene_file**](docs/SceneFileApi.md#scene_file_delete_scene_file) | **DELETE** /SceneFile/{id} | Deletes scene file with given id.
*SceneFileApi* | [**scene_file_get_all_scenes_files**](docs/SceneFileApi.md#scene_file_get_all_scenes_files) | **GET** /SceneFile | Returns list of scene file.
*SceneFileApi* | [**scene_file_get_scene_file**](docs/SceneFileApi.md#scene_file_get_scene_file) | **GET** /SceneFile/{id} | Returns scene file for the given Id.
*SceneFileApi* | [**scene_file_update_scene_file**](docs/SceneFileApi.md#scene_file_update_scene_file) | **PUT** /SceneFile/{id} | Updates scene file with given id.
*SensorApi* | [**sensor_create**](docs/SensorApi.md#sensor_create) | **POST** /Sensor | Creates new sensor with given request body.
*SensorApi* | [**sensor_delete**](docs/SensorApi.md#sensor_delete) | **DELETE** /Sensor/{id} | Deletes the sensor with given id.
*SensorApi* | [**sensor_get**](docs/SensorApi.md#sensor_get) | **GET** /Sensor/{id} | Returns sensor for the given Id.
*SensorApi* | [**sensor_get_all**](docs/SensorApi.md#sensor_get_all) | **GET** /Sensor | Returns list of sensors.
*SensorApi* | [**sensor_update**](docs/SensorApi.md#sensor_update) | **PUT** /Sensor/{id} | Updates the sensor with given id.
*SensorModelApi* | [**sensor_model_create**](docs/SensorModelApi.md#sensor_model_create) | **POST** /SensorModel | Creates new sensor model with given request body.
*SensorModelApi* | [**sensor_model_delete**](docs/SensorModelApi.md#sensor_model_delete) | **DELETE** /SensorModel/{id} | Deletes the sensor model with given id.
*SensorModelApi* | [**sensor_model_get**](docs/SensorModelApi.md#sensor_model_get) | **GET** /SensorModel/{id} | Returns sensor model for the given Id.
*SensorModelApi* | [**sensor_model_get_all**](docs/SensorModelApi.md#sensor_model_get_all) | **GET** /SensorModel | Returns list of sensor models.
*SensorModelApi* | [**sensor_model_update**](docs/SensorModelApi.md#sensor_model_update) | **PUT** /SensorModel/{id} | Updates the sensor model with given id.
*TelemetryApi* | [**telemetry_get_all**](docs/TelemetryApi.md#telemetry_get_all) | **POST** /Telemetry | Returns list of telemetry messages.


## Documentation For Models

 - [AlertRequest](docs/AlertRequest.md)
 - [AlertResponse](docs/AlertResponse.md)
 - [AlertResponseListResponse](docs/AlertResponseListResponse.md)
 - [Condition](docs/Condition.md)
 - [CreateSceneFileResponse](docs/CreateSceneFileResponse.md)
 - [DateTimeRange](docs/DateTimeRange.md)
 - [DebugInformation](docs/DebugInformation.md)
 - [DeviceModelRequest](docs/DeviceModelRequest.md)
 - [DeviceModelResponse](docs/DeviceModelResponse.md)
 - [DeviceModelResponseListResponse](docs/DeviceModelResponseListResponse.md)
 - [DevicePort](docs/DevicePort.md)
 - [DeviceRequest](docs/DeviceRequest.md)
 - [DeviceResponse](docs/DeviceResponse.md)
 - [DeviceResponseListResponse](docs/DeviceResponseListResponse.md)
 - [ExtendedTypeRequest](docs/ExtendedTypeRequest.md)
 - [ExtendedTypeResponse](docs/ExtendedTypeResponse.md)
 - [ExtendedTypeResponseListResponse](docs/ExtendedTypeResponseListResponse.md)
 - [FarmRequest](docs/FarmRequest.md)
 - [FarmResponse](docs/FarmResponse.md)
 - [FarmResponseListResponse](docs/FarmResponseListResponse.md)
 - [GetSceneFileResponse](docs/GetSceneFileResponse.md)
 - [GetSceneFileResponseListResponse](docs/GetSceneFileResponseListResponse.md)
 - [IAction](docs/IAction.md)
 - [ICRSObject](docs/ICRSObject.md)
 - [IGeoJSONObject](docs/IGeoJSONObject.md)
 - [JobError](docs/JobError.md)
 - [JobInfo](docs/JobInfo.md)
 - [JobRequest](docs/JobRequest.md)
 - [JobResponse](docs/JobResponse.md)
 - [JobResponseListResponse](docs/JobResponseListResponse.md)
 - [JobStatus](docs/JobStatus.md)
 - [JobTypeRequest](docs/JobTypeRequest.md)
 - [JobTypeResponse](docs/JobTypeResponse.md)
 - [JobTypeResponseListResponse](docs/JobTypeResponseListResponse.md)
 - [Location](docs/Location.md)
 - [Parameter](docs/Parameter.md)
 - [PartnerLimitedResponse](docs/PartnerLimitedResponse.md)
 - [PartnerLimitedResponseListResponse](docs/PartnerLimitedResponseListResponse.md)
 - [PartnerRequest](docs/PartnerRequest.md)
 - [PartnerResponse](docs/PartnerResponse.md)
 - [Permission](docs/Permission.md)
 - [PipelineDetails](docs/PipelineDetails.md)
 - [PipelineRun](docs/PipelineRun.md)
 - [Polygon](docs/Polygon.md)
 - [PropertyValues](docs/PropertyValues.md)
 - [QueryResultPage](docs/QueryResultPage.md)
 - [RoleAssignmentRequest](docs/RoleAssignmentRequest.md)
 - [RoleAssignmentResponse](docs/RoleAssignmentResponse.md)
 - [RoleAssignmentResponseListResponse](docs/RoleAssignmentResponseListResponse.md)
 - [RoleDefinitionResponse](docs/RoleDefinitionResponse.md)
 - [RoleDefinitionResponseListResponse](docs/RoleDefinitionResponseListResponse.md)
 - [RuleRequest](docs/RuleRequest.md)
 - [RuleResponse](docs/RuleResponse.md)
 - [RuleResponseListResponse](docs/RuleResponseListResponse.md)
 - [SceneFileRequest](docs/SceneFileRequest.md)
 - [SceneRequest](docs/SceneRequest.md)
 - [SceneResponse](docs/SceneResponse.md)
 - [SceneResponseListResponse](docs/SceneResponseListResponse.md)
 - [SensorMeasure](docs/SensorMeasure.md)
 - [SensorModelRequest](docs/SensorModelRequest.md)
 - [SensorModelResponse](docs/SensorModelResponse.md)
 - [SensorModelResponseListResponse](docs/SensorModelResponseListResponse.md)
 - [SensorRequest](docs/SensorRequest.md)
 - [SensorResponse](docs/SensorResponse.md)
 - [SensorResponseListResponse](docs/SensorResponseListResponse.md)
 - [TelemetryQueryFilter](docs/TelemetryQueryFilter.md)
 - [Tsx](docs/Tsx.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


## Bearer

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Authorization
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Author



